Add Arlec Grid Connect smart plug to Cookbook docs. (#336)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: cookbook/arlec_grid_connect_smart_plug.rst

Arlec Grid Connect Smart Plug
=============================

Arlec Grid Connect Smart Plugs are a tuya based smart plugs sold in Australia. 

.. figure:: images/arlec-grid-connect.jpg
    :align: center
    :width: 40.0%

These plugs can be flashed with a bit of work.

Flashing
--------

Prerequisites
*************

#. Before you begin you'll need:

#. Computer running Windows, Mac or Linux.
#. Serial to FTDI adapter. (Arduino can also be used.) 
#. Jumper wires.
#. Soldering iron. (can be done without but may be harder.)

Connections
***********

The Arlec Grid connect uses the TYWE2S Tuya module, which can easily be flashed with these connections.

Here is the pinout:

.. figure:: images/tywe2s.jpg
    :align: center
    :width: 50.0%

RX -- TX

TX -- RX

3.3v -- 3.3v

GND -- GND

IO0 -- GND (Only needs to be done at boot to enter flashing mode.)

If you are using an Arduino, connect the RST pin to GND to disable the microcontroller and only use as a flashing device.

> More information on uploading to the TYWE2S can be found here: https://github.com/arendst/Sonoff-Tasmota/wiki/CE-Smart-Home---LA-WF3-Wifi-Plug-(TYWE2S)

Reviewer: This is a dead link? https://github.com/arendst/Sonoff-Tasmota/wiki/CE-Smart-Home---LA-WF3-Wifi-Plug-

Uploading
*********

> Compile the firmware with the ESPHomeYAML code below. Download the Binary and use the .bin file that is downloaded when uploading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compile the firmware in the dashboard interface by clicking COMPILE with the ESPHome code below. Download the Bbnary and use the .bin file that is generated.
```

> Compile the firmware with the ESPHomeYAML code below. Download the Binary and use the .bin file that is downloaded when uploading.

Reviewer: It would be more logical to have the configuration first and then uploading.

> Use any ESP8266 flashing tool. I used NodeMCU-PyFlasher.

Reviewer: Please refer to ESPHome-flasher instead here (see FAQ) - it's based on NodeMCU-PyFlasher but works better with ESPHome (automatically selects flash mode, baud rate etc).

Set the mode to DOUT as DIO and QIO will not work for the ESP8265 chip this device uses.

Make sure erase flash is on.

Configuration
-------------

> 

Reviewer: Please write here that the user needs to replace SSID/PASSWORD. There are always some users that just copy this and do not replace them.

.. code-block:: yaml

    esphome:
      name: arlec_grid_connect
      platform: ESP8266
      board: esp8285

    wifi:
      ssid: "SSID"
      password: "PASSWORD"

    # Enable logging
    logger:

    # Enable Home Assistant API
    api:

    ota:

    status_led:
      pin:
        number: GPIO13
        inverted: true

    binary_sensor:
      - platform: gpio
        pin:
          number: GPIO14
          mode: INPUT_PULLUP
          inverted: true
        id: button
        on_press:
          - switch.toggle: relay

    switch:
      - platform: gpio
        id: led
        pin:
          number: GPIO4
          inverted: true
      - platform: gpio
        id: relay
        name: "Arlec Grid Connect"
        pin: GPIO12
        on_turn_on:
          - switch.turn_on: led
        on_turn_off:
          - switch.turn_off: led
          
Adding to Home Assistant
------------------------

> You can now add your smart plug to home assistant via the configurations page, look for 'ESPHome' under the Integrations option and click 'Configure'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now add your smart plug to Home Assistant via the configurations page, look for 'ESPHome' under the Integrations option and click 'Configure'.
```

Also, a bit more detail at the end here would be good - what should the user enter after Configure etc. Or you can refer to the main setup guide from here.

> Set the mode to DOUT as DIO and QIO will not work for the ESP8265 chip this device uses.

Reviewer: This line and the one below can be removed now - erase flash an flash mode are automatically selected by esphome-flasher.

.. figure:: images/arlec-grid-connect-homeassistant.jpg
    :align: center
    :width: 50.0%

See Also
--------

- :doc:`/components/switch/index`
- :doc:`/components/binary_sensor/index`
- :doc:`/components/light/index`
- :doc:`/components/light/monochromatic`
- :doc:`/components/output/index`

> - :doc:`/components/output/esp8266_pwm`

Reviewer: This cookbook does not make use of any PWM outputs
